behold my eye has seen all this my ear
has heard and understood it what you
know I also know I am not inferior to
you but I would speak to the Almighty
and I desire to reason with God but you
forges of lies are all worthless
physicians that you would be silent and
it would be your wisdom now hear my
reasoning and heed the pleadings of my
lips will you speak wickedly for God and
talk deceitfully for him will you show
partiality for him will you contend for
God will it be well when he searches you
up or can you mock him as one mocks a
man he will surely rebuke you if you
secretly show partiality will not his
excellence make you afraid and the dread
of him fall upon you your platitudes are
proverbs of Ashes your defenses are
defenses of clay hold your peace with me
and let me speak then let come on me
what may why do I take my flesh in my
teeth and put my life in my hands though
he slay me yet when I trust him even so
I will defend my own ways before him he
also shall be my salvation for a
hypocrite could not come before him
listen carefully to my speech and to my
declaration with your ears see now I
have prepared my case I know that I
shall be vindicated who is he who will
contend with me hmm
if now I hold my tongue I perish only
two things do not do to me and I will
not hide myself from you withdraw your
head and far from me and let not the
dread of you make me afraid then call
and I will answer or let me speak then
you respond to me how many are my
iniquities and sins make me know my
transgression and my sin
why do you hide your face and regard me
as your enemy but you frighten a leaf
driven to and fro and will you pursue
dry stubble for you right bitter sings
against me and raped me inherit the
iniquities of my news you put my feet in
the stocks and watch closely all my
paths you set a limit for the soles of
my feet
when decays like a rotten thing like a
garment that is moth-eaten
you